Now!
Ms. Hall Director.
The daughter of the ANSP director
has been living in the dorm.
That must've been bothering you.
Why are you asking me that
out of the blue?
I heard the ANSP director is
one of the most
powerful people in the South.
And such a person's daughter
living in the dorm?
Did Yeong-ro tell you herself that she is
the daughter of the ANSP director?
She was quiet about it
even when she was
being kicked out of here.
Kicked out?
It was decided she leave the dorm
as a punishment for hiding you.
She hid him?
Hid the communist spy?
Your daughter really did it?
She helped you because she believed
she was doing the right thing.
So he was willing to accept any punishment
without any regret or reflection.
But her courage and sacrifice ended up
putting everyone in the dorm in danger.
So imagine
how Yeong-ro must be feeling right now.
If you can understand that
even just a little bit,
it's only right for you
to release as many hostages as possible.
That is…
the least you can do for her,
who saved you risking her life.
I think I made it very clear
that only nine hostages will be released.
You were her partner at the Open House.
I remember that you seemed quite nervous.
Was it all for show?
To take full advantage of Yeong-ro?
Let's go.
I need to go to
the bathroom first.
RESTROOM
Eung-cheol doesn't look good.
Can we
trust that doctor?
The hall director's in the restroom.
Bring her when she's done.
What are you doing? Hurry up.
Just give me a second.
I can see the students are safe.
Now I need to see
if my team leader is okay.
Where's he now?
Not now.